README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/master/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/gdq.ico" height="24" alt="GamesDoneQuick logo" /> GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory
===

[![GitHub Actions workflow status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/compile.yml?branch=master&logo=github&label=build)](https://github.com/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/actions/workflows/compile.yml)

Converts the [Games Done Quick schedule](https://gamesdonequick.com/schedule) into an [ICS file](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics), which your calendar program can import or subscribe to.

## Subscribing

### Any iCalendar client

1. Subscribe to the iCalendar URL [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)

### Google Calendar
1. Sign in to [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/)
1. Go to ⚙️ › [Settings](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r/settings)
1. Expand the **Add calendar** navigation section
1. Click [**From URL**](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r/settings/addbyurl)
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Click the **Add calendar** button

### Outlook

#### Outlook on the web
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar)
1. Go to the 📅 Calendar tab
1. In the left pane, click [**+ Add calendar**](https://outlook.office.com/calendar/addcalendar)
1. Go to the **⚇ Subscribe from web** navigation section
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Choose a calendar name, such as `Games Done Quick` or `GDQ`
1. Click the **Import** button

#### Outlook for Windows
1. Open Outlook
1. Go to the 📅 Calendar section
1. Open the **+ Add** or **+ Open Calendar** menu
1. Select 🌐 **From Internet...**
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Click OK
1. Optionally, click Advanced and choose a Folder Name, such as `Games Done Quick` or `GDQ`, then click OK
1. Click the **Yes** button

#### Outlook for Mac
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar) with the same Office 365, Exchange, or Outlook.com&#47;Hotmail account with which you are signed into Outlook for Mac
1. Follow the [Outlook on the web subscription instructions](#outlook-on-the-web)

#### Outlook for Android
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar) with the same Office 365, Exchange, or Outlook.com&#47;Hotmail account with which you are signed into Outlook for Android
1. Follow the [Outlook on the web subscription instructions](#outlook-on-the-web)

Commit message:

Add subscription instructions for Vivaldi

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/master/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/gdq.ico" height="24" alt="GamesDoneQuick logo" /> GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory
===

[![GitHub Actions workflow status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/compile.yml?branch=master&logo=github&label=build)](https://github.com/Aldaviva/GamesDoneQuickCalendarFactory/actions/workflows/compile.yml)

Converts the [Games Done Quick schedule](https://gamesdonequick.com/schedule) into an [ICS file](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics), which your calendar program can import or subscribe to.

<!-- MarkdownTOC autolink="true" bracket="round" autoanchor="false" levels="1,2,3,4" bullets="-" -->

- [Subscribing](#subscribing)
    - [Any iCalendar client](#any-icalendar-client)
    - [Vivaldi](#vivaldi)
    - [Google Calendar](#google-calendar)
    - [Outlook](#outlook)
        - [Outlook on the web](#outlook-on-the-web)
        - [Outlook for Windows](#outlook-for-windows)
        - [Outlook for Mac](#outlook-for-mac)
        - [Outlook for Android](#outlook-for-android)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

## Subscribing

### Any iCalendar client

1. Subscribe to the iCalendar URL [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)

### Vivaldi
1. Open Vivaldi Settings
1. Go to the 📅 Calendar section
1. In the Calendar Accounts section, click the `+` button
1. Select **Web Calendar** and click Continue
1. Choose a name, such as `Games Done Quick` or `GDQ`
1. Set the Address to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Click the **Add Account** button
1. Click the **Save Account** button

### Google Calendar
1. Sign in to [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/)
1. Go to ⚙️ › [Settings](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r/settings)
1. Expand the **Add calendar** navigation section
1. Click [**From URL**](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r/settings/addbyurl)
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Click the **Add calendar** button

### Outlook

#### Outlook on the web
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar)
1. Go to the 📅 Calendar tab
1. In the left pane, click [**+ Add calendar**](https://outlook.office.com/calendar/addcalendar)
1. Go to the **⚇ Subscribe from web** navigation section
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Choose a calendar name, such as `Games Done Quick` or `GDQ`
1. Click the **Import** button

#### Outlook for Windows
1. Open Outlook
1. Go to the 📅 Calendar section
1. Open the **+ Add** or **+ Open Calendar** menu
1. Select 🌐 **From Internet...**
1. Set the URL to [`https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics`](https://aldaviva.com/docs/gdq.ics)
1. Click OK
1. Optionally, click Advanced and choose a Folder Name, such as `Games Done Quick` or `GDQ`, then click OK
1. Click the **Yes** button

#### Outlook for Mac
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar) with the same Office 365, Exchange, or Outlook.com&#47;Hotmail account with which you are signed into Outlook for Mac
1. Follow the [Outlook on the web subscription instructions](#outlook-on-the-web)

#### Outlook for Android
1. Sign in to [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office.com/calendar) with the same Office 365, Exchange, or Outlook.com&#47;Hotmail account with which you are signed into Outlook for Android
1. Follow the [Outlook on the web subscription instructions](#outlook-on-the-web)
